Update README.md (#1016)
containous/traefik-helm-chart: README.md

This chart bootstraps Traefik version 2 as a Kubernetes ingress controller,
using Custom Resources `IngressRoute`: <https://docs.traefik.io/providers/kubernetes-crd/>.

> It's now possible to use this chart with Traefik v3 (current tested with v3.0.0-rc1).
> Helm will auto detect which version is used based on image.tag. Set image.tag to a semver higher than 3.0, e.g. "v3.0.0-rc1".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to use this chart with Traefik v3 (current tested with v3.0.0-rc1). 
This Chart is focused on stable release, so there are limitations and one will need to apply Traefik v3 CRDs first.
Helm will auto detect which version is used based on image.tag. Set image.tag to a semver higher than 3.0, e.g. "v3.0.0-rc1".
```
